**Privacy Policy**

This privacy policy applies to the Journey Money app (hereby referred to as "Application") for mobile devices that was created by Yuki Takada (hereby referred to as "Service Provider") as a Free service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

**Information Collection and Use**

The Application does not collect any kind of data.

In the future, we plan to collect certain types of data to improve our services and provide additional features. The types of data we plan to collect include:

* **Diagnostics Information**: We may collect information related to your use of the Application, such as performance data, app crashes, and other system activity to help us improve the Application's performance and reliability;

* **User Data**: To provide a personalized experience and secure access to our Application, we may implement a login feature that requires you to provide certain information such as your email address. This information will be used solely for the purpose of providing secure access to our Application and its features.

**Changes**

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2024-04-20

**Your Consent**

By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at me@yukitakada.app.

* * *

This privacy policy page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/) and modified by Yuki Takada.